well as a family we were looking for a
dog obviously with having films legs and
all the rest of it puppy wasn't really a
great idea and having youngsters me
chase around after Polly won't go too
well so we're looking down the train
room dogs ready train ready to rock and
roll and i was looking at all x forces
been exposure to sell but i'm looking
into that even a dog that in quite make
the grade for an armed forces or RF
don't you talking 20,000 pound crane
ready to rock and roll sort of a llamar
bracket and it sort of put a bit of a
dent on my search really until I just
happened to put on on the internet don't
stress able that the blue I didn't know
Dr Zabel existed and a press note came
up i read through the block proform of
what you know the criteria is thinking
you know i'm slightly different for the
norm so i wrote off and sent an email in
and lo and behold the contact me quite
shortly after and after that it was
about a month and still somebody brought
farley to my house obviously a big dog
is quite regarding not as big now but
when i first hit ball oh my god and more
kids are like this running around
looking over like skittles it was fine
you know he sort of set he was sort of
at home wounded about one in the guard
and popped all the footballs a typical
dog you know as you'd expect and he was
gently as giant with the kids and the
kids are really small then for me that
really sort cracked it life is good but
I mean Farley there's certainly enhanced
it it's its confidence building it's
getting out is members of the public
coming up was talking to you I'm one of
these guys that normally people don't
really want to approach but that's way
look I don't know but since having
father ever ago every big drive
everybody everybody wants to see Farley
and have a chat about him which is oh
great it's good for dogs were disabled
as well and the kids love him so I've
got eight kids of my own 5m living at
home ranging from twenty to eight months
so I'm constantly busy all the time the
file is a great help when he needs to be
the news when he wants to be
as well as I always say it's not going
to Superman a cloak or anything it's
just a normal dog but when I require
them to work it'll do it a drop of a nap
coming up in the future is a pilot plan
that I'm going to be involved with which
is using doses disabled trained animals
for soldiers with PTSD which is
post-traumatic stress disorder there's a
lot of that happening in America they've
got a thing called pause for purple arts
out there and it's been proven using
these dogs and I'll be the soldiers out
that actually you know helps quite a lot
so we're going to file a scheme like
that and I was going to be involved with
garlic getting in the military side of
things so that something's really look
forward to